fix(css): add 'auto' value outline-color (#29798)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/outline-color/index.md

- {{cssxref("&lt;color&gt;")}}
  - : The color of the outline, specified as a `<color>`.
- `auto` {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Computes to [`currentcolor`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value#currentcolor_keyword). However, when [`outline-style`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline-style) is `auto`, `outline-color: auto` computes to the [accent color](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/accent-color).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Computes to [`currentcolor`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value#currentcolor_keyword) unless [`outline-style`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline-style) is set to `auto` then it computes to the [accent color](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/accent-color).
```
